+++
date = 2018-09-25
lastmod = 2019-09-10
draft = false
tags = ["Bangladesh", "Bangla Village", "Myth"]
title = "My village name Bangla Village"
math = true
summary = """
My village name is Bangla village. It's located in the south of Asia. There are mainly two community people living in a 'Nadu' and 'caru'. A long time ago, there was a man named Azibar Rahman and he used to make the marco team. His two daughters, the elder daughter's name "Gopali" Baba Azibar Rahman sent two daughters to the city because the village school's education is not very good quality. Azibar Rahman is the main Matubbar of this village, so everyone loves and respect him (many people show or respect).

"""

[header]
image = "village.jpg"
caption = "My village name 'Bangla Village'"

+++

My village name is Bangla village. It's located in the south of Asia. There are mainly two community people living in a 'Nadu' and 'caru'. A long time ago, there was a man named Azibar Rahman and he used to make the marco team. His two daughters, the elder daughter's name "Gopali" Baba Azibar Rahman sent two daughters to the city because the village school's education is not very good quality. Azibar Rahman is the main Matubbar of this village, so everyone loves and respect him (many people show or respect). Azibar Rahman's very strong voice and very brave man, yet he formed a new army force named Lathisal. The work of this staunch army is against the village headman, who disobey him and curb his order. Thus, for a long time the forces of the army started to suppress the opponents of the village head. As a result many people of the village and other lathial forces under Azibar Rahman were also getting acquainted. On the basis of a secret conspiracy in the power of power, some miscreants of the Lathial force brutally killed Azibar Rahman and his family members in the village. After staying in town, Gopali and her younger sister survived. Two sisters fall from the city and sometimes when the two are together, the poems wrap up; Debt will be repaid in many days.

Meanwhile, in the greedy power of Bangla village, one of the chiefs of the Lathial force, Wazir Rahman, formed a new group; So Ujur Rahman started governing the village for a few days with the grain of this wheat. It is illegal to fight in power; Within a few days, Ujiyur Rahman was killed in the crossfire of the Lathial force. Yes, the Lathial forces did not stop there, they soon appointed Mohammed Pirasad as a new head, his mark tractor Thus, the responsibility of the village head of Mohammad Pirasad was cut short. He wanted to learn that the students of the school can not participate in any factionalism. In such a situation that there is no lack of lathial force in the village, even though some of the village's groups have planned to get rid of Pirasad.

To understand this, soon he was removed from the responsibility of the village head. Now the village will be voted and three big teams will participate, whose symbols are respectively Ship symbol, Wheat symbol and Tractor Marka. The election was selected and the Shell symbol team of wheat won, so the main head of this group would be the village head. Yes, we got the head of a women village. She is the wife of late Ujur Rahman, wife Golapi Begum. The pink Begum who was put on the chair after defeating Pirasad, did not change the fate of the villagers.

Thus, five years have passed. The vote came again, Hmm now the ship has won the mark and Gopali Madam is appointed as the head of the village, as the head of the party. Because she was the village head, the minority ethnic community living here was very happy (note that there were many senior leaders of the chadu community in his team). They began to think that they thought the day was back, and Gopal Madam gave and their future dreams. But these happy days did not last long because the village head expired. Again, the election was over, now again the wheat mark wins. Many people of the Nadu community, together with the joy of winning in the elections, used to loot and attack the people of chadu community and looted the house. Many children, adolescents and women of rape community are raped. To save the life of a girl, one mother said, "Father, you are one of my daughters, my daughter will be small and dead". To save their lives or to save family honor, many people of chadu community took shelter in the surrounding villages, which still continue. For the unlimited corruption and looting, Banglagram is the Champion Hall in the country and abroad corruption. Bombs were thrown together in 63 colony of this village. To make corruption, the expiry of the expiration of the wheat-spawned wheat wheat party was over.

Hmmm, many years later, the Lathial force got up again, grabbed all the power of the village. The top people of the ship symbol and the Shees symbol group of wheat were captured. Over a couple of years, the pressure on the Lathial force came from neighboring villages and towns. Inevitably left the election and the ship symbol team came back to power and Gopali madam is the village head Matubbar. Now he started to meet his old accounts one by one. Initially, in the Lathial force, there was a tactic between the two parties, as a result of which many headpieces of the Lathial forces died. Then he concentrated all the lathial forces in his area to make the group heavier, he succeeded. After doing these things, the time of the village's main election came closer. Hmmm, the tractor was misguided with the people of Manekwala, who made a deal with the people of the people of the market. Gopali Madam used his lathila force fully and won a by election. She won a lot of elections in the election. Laws to suppress all forms of opposition. He started using all his lathiyal forces to suppress the opponents, like his father Azibar Rahman. After this pressure, many other influential people of the opposition joined the ship symbol's team. Again and again the threat of security threatened the minority people of the community. They lost their homesteads, and their temples and statues remained vandalized. Yes, in this term, the people of the ship symbol's group rape the mother and daughter of the cruel community in turn. Many freethinker writers have been killed for writing against religious fanaticism only in the interior, others have taken shelter in other villages or cities to save lives. The main people of the stock market and the main bank of the country broke the bank of the bank And now there is only one marque in this village that is the ship's mark! Win ship marker win! Bangladesh always alive.

NB: All the characters in the Bengali village story are myths, yet if any incident or character of this story is in reality with the person, then the writer is not responsible in any way.

© Sajal Mondal,
25/09/2018

